this will not be a war of heroes which
is all to see this is going to be fun
the world burns you have no idea of what
men are capable of
we must do something I know you want to
fight
but there are other ways of doing your
duty you're going to need a suit
you
oh my
[Music]
wanna I I say those two yes can you know
either me simply you're not bah
Hey yes yo let's go we're running late
[Music]
better so would be an abyss idea see -
cincuenta Daniela Ramos
that is not your progress come with me
or you're dead minutes thirty seconds
I only Mikey no chemica Democrat who
busted busted my ass you Danny
you're my mission
[Music]
what is that my name is Sarah Connor I
hunt terminators enough of a resume for
you
how do we stop this thing
I'm going to help you change the future
I'm done running I'm gonna stand and
fight
you can't Danny
[Music]
if you don't make it
everybody dies why not just let me have
her because we're not machines
metal mother
[Music]
how's the corn over there you really
ruining my slow right now you know that
we got an issue his movement man
[Music]
we have 15 minutes it's time hit it
hello boys
what if I told you I know what happens
when you die you become a ghost
by mo criminal records no more office
parties have her stupid wedding best
part of being dead is the freedom
not policies or politics no one touch
he's mine
we answer to no one to take out some
truly evil people
[Music]
okay
these people will declare the day none
of us will be remembered it's about to
happen will you think honey raise the
better ones right the hell are you
for no one will they exist they can be
made not fighter jets
you see
sorry for yelling welcome to the world's
biggest magnet
[Music]
I know this road work I mean I wasn't
sure I had a suspicion but I yeah this
is all so [ __ ] dangerous
[Music]
this is my report on the Soviet question
what's your answer I don't have one
the Kremlin is broke so how were the
Soviets suddenly on spending spree
arranging an interview with Stalin
Gerrits I've been trying to reach you go
see Walter Durant via the New York Times
listen I really need to talk to you I
found something big it can break this
story wide open Paul mr. Jones mr.
guarantee why are you really here I need
your help
this is ADA Brooks she's my star Paul's
dead robbery three days ago
what do you want the story no one is
talking about I saw him for pellets in
his back and you don't think it was a
robbery what was Paul working on Ukraine
how rich this country is have asked so
there's nothing but wheat fields grain
stalin's gold
I guess the agenda now I don't have an
agenda miss your call truth and agenda
yes but whose truth
what were you doing the others come
forward what's being done here will
transform mankind we can still do
something no cannot let Stalin get away
with this what do you expect me to do
exactly the Soviet Union is not the
worker's paradise that was promised
it is not the great experiment that you
read about in the press
[Music]
style is not the man who you think
he's saying this and her
[Music]
Frank Sheeran cuz I know right yeah you
said right under the contract management
can only fire a driver on very specific
charges so you have a show up late look
give any moving violations no do you
drink on the job
no you ever hit anybody on a job yeah I
don't think so all right then we don't
have nothing to worry about
want you to meet my cousin Russell
Bufalino oh yeah hey nice to meet you
who's like the army you're followed
orders you did the right thing
you got rewarded
a friend of ours is having trouble
friend that the cop back then there was
nobody in this country who didn't know
who Jimmy Hoffa was he always charged a
guy with a gun with a knife you run away
so you're charged with a gun with a
knife you run now your friend but you
like to be a part of history yes I would
big business and the government are
working together trying to pull us apart
something's gotta be funny what else he
say now's not the time to not say don't
have war with these people or did you
find Manny with our friends you gotta
sit down everybody says so
it's what it is
where this I knew things they don't know
why
it's gonna happen either way he's going
[Music]
you know I don't okay whether you did it
or not that makes no difference to me
yeah I'm here to defend you right right
what do you want I know if I did that I
[Music]
lost my family three years ago it wasn't
very accident there was a bomb on that
plane I need your help to find the ones
who did this
I've got nothing to lose what about your
life what about it I'm gonna say this
once even if you succeed it won't be
worth it
[Music]
I'm making streets walking the streets
promise me you might do nothing silly
[Music]
why are you here Joe for your closure
and how would you do that violently
you're much more human than I thought
you'd be that's look of disgust
eat another clue about the scale of the
mess he cooks
[Music]
did you sleep last night
we passed on all we know
[Music]
a thousand generations living you know
but this is your fight
[Music]
Yorgi
yes it's in
[Music]
should I tell you a story
it's the story of an orphan girl from a
faraway land he was sent to live a
mysterious house
[Music]
and what if I were to tell you she
discovered something magical
scooping secret
[Music]
would you believe me
if you cause me trouble or have you sent
away in an instant
[Music]
and you were hiding something this
garden it's capable to get stored my
Fink's now will you believe in the magic
you
[Music]